welcome back to recapped today i am
going to show you action slash comedy
from 2017 title baywatch
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
the film starts with lieutenant mitch
buchanan arriving at work to perform his
duties as a lifeguard on the beaches of
emerald bay florida he sees a man
parasailing on the water but the man
hits his head on a rock forcing mitch to
spring into action he dives into the
ocean and swims to the man's rescue
following this mitch goes for his
morning run around the bay
he passes through sergeant allerby a
local policeman and beach patrol officer
with whom he frequently messes with
regarding their status as enforcers of
the law around that area
while continuing his run mitch spots a
small boy picking up a pouch of the drug
flock on the beach
mitch takes it from the boy and observes
it
ronnie is flying a toy craft on the
beach with his colleague dave when cj
runs up to wish ronnie good luck on the
upcoming qualifiers but ronnie can
barely put a sentence together around
her
arriving on the bay is matt brody on his
motorcycle he tries to introduce himself
to one of the prospective lifeguards
summer quinn but she ignores him
brody then meets mitch and stephanie
explaining his new position on the team
and his status as a two-time olympic
gold medal winner but neither of them
care
mitch tells brodie he has to earn his
job and brody tells him off
ronnie is on the beach with dave eating
baby carrots when he sees cj again
he starts to choke leading cj to perform
the heimlick on him ronnie spits out the
carrot but he also has an erection
before cj can see it ronnie jumps onto a
wooden lawn chair and gets his whole
groin stuck between the boards things
get worse when mitch comes over to help
as observes ronnie's got both his beef
and biscuits stuck in there other
beachgoers show up and start filming him
when mitch opts to pull it out like a
tooth ronnie tries running but instead
falls face first breaking the chair and
getting unstuck
meanwhile victoria leeds the new owner
of the beaches huntley club is meeting
with councilman rodriguez over a real
estate deal
in exchange for his services leeds gives
him a new watch that her men wear later
mitch rounds up all the new hopeful
lifeguards to begin their test in the
obstacle course brody sits it out as he
feels he doesn't have to do it summer
gives it her all and passes through the
course though ronnie struggles at first
due to being heavier than the others
still he refuses to give up and keeps
going which mitch takes notice of
mitch puts brody through his own
specialized course which involves
ridiculous tasks such as lifting large
truck tires and hauling refrigerators
like weights
nearby on the pier two young children
fall into the water and their mother
jumps in after them
mitch steph and cj head in to rescue
them while brody follows and tries to be
a hero
he goes to rescue the mother but she
keeps smacking him
mitch and cj rescue the kids and steph
rides them to safety brody just ends up
looking foolish by the end of the day
mitch announces summer ronnie and brodie
as his new trainees at night summer and
cj find brody sleeping under the pier
cj takes him to find a place to crash
making him think she is taking him to
steph's home but he is really going to
be staying with mitch
mitch lets him stay and makes him sleep
on a couch next to a fish tank with a
minifigure of mitch watching him
brody begins training under mitch across
the beach he nearly steps on a poisonous
sea urchin until mitch points it out on
the water rodriguez tells leeds that he
made arrangements with his people for
the real estate deal but because he did
not deliver on time leeds has her two
thugs frankie and leon come around to
intimidate rodriguez he tries to call
leeds's bluff by saying he knows about
her pushing drugs
she leaves her men to deal with
rodriguez
steph answers a call about a yacht
burning up on the beach
the whole team including the trainees
rush out there to find the burning boat
mitch hops on the boat and rescues three
women but also finds an unconscious man
brody dives under the water to try and
help but he gets caught under the fire
steph uses her jet ski to splash water
around the fire while summer pulls brody
out
when they get back to the shore they
find that the man they pulled out is
dead and it's rodriguez
ellerbee shows up and mitch tries to
talk about what they've investigated but
a lurby tells him to stay out of what is
a police matter after ronnie is in the
shower singing when cj walks in and
interrupts him
she is impressed by his singing and also
tells him that we shower with our shorts
on and slaps his groin before walking
out
the team sits down to have lunch and
discuss the fact that a dead body has
turned up in addition to finding more
flock on the women they rescued they
decide to attend the open house to get
any more information on leads that they
can get
we then see that dave is working for
leeds as her tech guy he attempts to
blackmail her so that he doesn't say
anything about rodriguez's murder
she has something else in mind
that evening the team goes undercover at
the open house party they assigned brody
to be lookout to have eyes on leads
he does manage to get leads alone but he
doesn't get any information because he's
more focused on getting drunk
ronnie distracts leads while the others
go to work by doing a crazy dance that
gets cj's attention
mitch then goes to confront brody over
his failure at his task brody curses
mitch out and tells him he's just a
lifeguard
mitch humiliates brody further by
scaring him into falling into a pool
where he pukes again and everyone sees
brody plays it off by telling everyone
do shots but he passes out
meanwhile frankie and leon take dave's
dead body on a boat out to the sea and
slather him with meat chunks as they
dump him in there to be shark food
the next morning mitch tells brody that
he is great at what he does when he's on
his own but when it comes to working as
part of a team he fails to do so because
he is selfish and only cares about
himself
brody begs for a second chance and tells
mitch in summer that he noticed
rodriguez wearing the watch that leads
his goonswear the trio head to the
morgue to continue their investigation
by disguising themselves as hospital
staff
in the morgue they find rodriguez's
corpse and autopsy files mitch orders
brody to look under rodriguez's scrotum
for anything but it's just an
opportunity by mitch to further
humiliate brody by getting pics of brody
looking at a dead guy's taint summer
sees frankie and leon approaching the
three hide in the drawers but brody ends
up hiding on top of a dead old lady to
make things worse he has fat from a corp
stripping on his face
the goons then open up rodriguez's
drawer and swap out an autopsy file to
make it look like he did die from the
fire brody then freaks out when the fat
drips into his mouth so he jumps out and
gets hand sanitizer on his mouth
they are further exposed when summer's
phone rings leon grabs the phone and
runs out with frankie
leon tosses summer's phone to frankie
mitch goes after frankie while brody and
summer try to catch leon mitch chases
frankie on a jet ski and finds him
trying to break into a family's home
the two fight in a little girl's bedroom
after frankie breaks the phone until
mitch puts a diaper bin on frankie's
head and knocks him out the window into
the pool
mitch brody and summer all meet with
sergeant the lurby as he angrily tells
them to stop getting involved in the
case
captain thorpe also shows up as the
three try explaining that they did have
evidence against leeds as men but all
the evidence has been destroyed
thorpe threatens to fire mitch if he
continues his investigation
frankie gets away with everything after
complaining to the police over mitch's
actions
mitch observes the huntley getting their
fish from another company which he
thinks is how they are smuggling flakka
onto the beach
he and brodie go undercover and sneak
into the huntley's kitchen where they
find leeds as men handling drugs
mitch calls a lurby to report but
allerby is tied up with having found
dave's body being partially torn up by
sharks hillerby also has thorpe listen
to mitch calling thorpe calls mitch into
his office to fire him he appoints brody
to be the new lieutenant but mitch tells
thorpe that the position should go to
stephanie since she knows the beach just
as well as he does thorpe doesn't care
for mitch's opinion and dismisses him
although brody tries to decline the
offer thorpe threatens him with a bad
record for his community service
the others aren't happy with brody
taking the position despite his attempts
to defend himself brody starts to handle
things on the beach despite not having
everyone's support he catches a punk on
the beach stealing people's stuff with a
cooler that pulls things in
he tackles the thief and scares him away
when he opens the cooler brody finds a
bag of flakka he then asks steph and cj
to help give back everyone's things
brody goes to allerby's office to give
him a chocolate smoothie but also to use
the cooler to take a file off his desk
without him knowing
mitch takes a new job at a phone store
and cuts off connection with the rest of
his team when he looks ready to give up
he is approached by his old mentor the
original mitch david hasselhoff he
inspires mitch to keep up his work and
to not give up on himself or his people
brody approaches summer with a file
showing dave's corpse ronnie sees the
pics and recognizes dave he tells the
others that dave mentioned working with
leeds
ronnie later shows brody how he can hack
into leeds's servers leading them to
discover leeds's ultimate plan she wants
to privatize the beach so that she can
eliminate competition and spread drugs
around undetected the guys tell the
ladies about this plan and they come
together to stop leads the team
infiltrates leeds's yacht during a party
steph cj and ronnie find murray chen a
real estate guy that leads kidnapped as
part of her scheme meanwhile brody swims
under the boat and finds that leeds has
been smuggling drugs in the hall
brody resurfaces to tell summer to get
in touch with mitch when he gets back on
the boat he gets knocked out by frankie
the goons take brodie on another boat
and lock him in a cage
before she can kill brody she tells him
that she bribed thorpe to set mitch up
so he would get fired and get him off
her back
she pushes the cage into the water which
ronnie and cjc
just as brody appears to accept his fate
he is pulled out of the cage
he sees summer reviving him but it's
really mitch to brody's disgust
meanwhile leeds is preparing to get away
on a helicopter mitch tells ronnie to
work the fireworks display to throw the
helicopter pilot's side off
ronnie panics at first but gets
confidence after cj kisses him
as the fireworks go off mitch and brody
fight frankie and leon again
the guys go after her but she shoots
mitch in the shoulder and he falls into
the water
he gets back up as leeds holds brodie at
gunpoint
meanwhile ronnie and cj find a big red
button
ronnie flips the switch and mitch
notices the lights near him activating
brody hits leads his gun making her run
out of bullets as mitch grabs a roman
candle says a one-liner and waits for
ronnie to hit the button to launch the
firework it leads obliterating her
mitch then reveals he got up by using a
sea urchin to boost his adrenaline but
he is in need of medical attention back
on the shore mitch gets treated and
allerby shows up to apologize to mitch
for doubting his claims
thorpe shows up to try and berate mitch
but brody punches him in the face and
allerby arrests thorpe and frankie
later on ronnie and cj hook up and brody
and summer appear to start a
relationship as well
they join mitch and stephanie as mitch
officially and states the trainees as
lifeguards on the bay he then introduces
them to their new captain casey jean who
enters in slow-mo
the film ends with the team doing their
own slow-mo run on the beach only for
brody to tumble hard on the sand
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications to watch more videos like
this thanks for watching